Updated language and images as part of Global UI and images project (#6496)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/environment-variables.md

**Overriding environment variables at the personal level**

> You can also set a personal value override for an environment variable when you develop in the dbt-integrated developer environment (IDE). By default, dbt Cloud uses environment variable values set in the project's development environment. To see and override these values, from dbt Cloud, click on your account name in the left side menu and select **Account settings**. Under "Your Profile," click **Credentials** and select your project. Click **Edit** and make any changes in "Environment Variables."

Reviewer: it might read better as bullets since its steps. i also replaced the quotes with bold since they're UI elements. also updated to sentence case as that's what in the UI

```suggestion
You can also set a personal value override for an environment variable when you develop in the dbt-integrated developer environment (IDE). By default, dbt Cloud uses environment variable values set in the project's development environment. To see and override these values, from dbt Cloud:
- Click on your account name in the left side menu and select **Account settings**. 
- Under the **Your profile** section, click **Credentials** and then select your project. 
- Scroll to the **Environment variables** section and click **Edit** to make the necessary changes.
```
